Maya Angelou (Poet and Activist): “Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.”
Socrates (Philosopher): “The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
Oscar Wilde (Playwright and Poet): “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
Isaac Asimov (Writer and Biochemist): “The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
George Bernard Shaw (Playwright): “Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
Leonardo da Vinci (Polymath): “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
Voltaire (Philosopher): “Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.”
James Baldwin (Writer and Activist): “Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.”
Robert Downey Jr. (Actor): “Listen, smile, agree and than do whatever the fuck you were going to do anyway.”
Neil Degrasse Tyson (Astrophysicist): “We are stardust brought to life, then empowered by the universe to figure itself out — and we have only just begun.”
Heraclitus (Philosopher): “No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he’s not the same man.”
Richard Feynman (Physicist): “The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.”
Lao Tzu (Philosopher): "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
Albert Einstein (Physicist): “In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.”
Isaac Asimov (Writer and Biochemist): “The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
Carl Sagan (Astronomer): “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.”
Pablo Picasso (Painter): “Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.”
Toni Morrison (Writer): “If there’s a book that you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet, then you must write it.”
Mark Twain (Writer): “The secret of getting ahead is getting started.”
Eleanor Roosevelt (First Lady and Activist): “Do one thing every day that scares you.”
Nelson Mandela (Activist and President): “I never lose. I either win or learn.”
Oscar Wilde (Playwright and Poet): “I can resist everything except temptation.”
Dorothy Parker (Writer and Critic): “The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.”
Mae West (Actress and Writer): “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Calvin Trillin (Writer): “The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years, she served us nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.”
Albert Einstein (Physicist): “Imagination is more important than knowledge.”
Mahatma Gandhi (Political Leader): “Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”
Walt Disney (Entrepreneur and Animator): “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.”
Confucius (Philosopher): “Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”
Friedrich Nietzsche (Philosopher): “He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.”
Stephen Hawking (Theoretical Physicist): “Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.”
Henry Ford (Industrialist): “Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right.”
Marie Curie (Physicist and Chemist): “Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.”
Pablo Neruda (Poet): “You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.”
Leonardo da Vinci (Polymath): “Learning never exhausts the mind.”
Malala Yousafzai (Activist): “One child, one teacher, one book, and one pen can change the world.”
J.K. Rowling (Author): “It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
Maya Angelou (Poet and Activist): “I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”
Charles Darwin (Naturalist): “It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.”
Virginia Woolf (Writer): “Books are the mirrors of the soul.”
Bob Marley (Musician): “Love the life you live. Live the life you love.”
Ralph Waldo Emerson (Philosopher): “What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.”
Henry David Thoreau (Philosopher): “Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.”
Abraham Lincoln (President): “The best way to predict your future is to create it.”
Audre Lorde (Writer and Activist): “Your silence will not protect you.”
C.S. Lewis (Writer): “You can make anything by writing.”
James Joyce (Writer): “A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.”
Harriet Tubman (Activist): “Every great dream begins with a dreamer.”
William Shakespeare (Playwright and Poet): “To be, or not to be, that is the question.”
Marilyn Monroe (Actress and Model): “I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they’re right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.”
Sylvia Plath (Writer and Poet): “I took a deep breath and listened to the blackbirds sing.”
Aristotle (Philosopher): “The more you know, the more you realize you don’t know.”
Thich Nhat Hanh (Monk and Activist): “Because you are alive, everything is possible.”
Eckhart Tolle (Spiritual Teacher): “The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.”
Martin Luther King Jr. (Civil Rights Leader): “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”



